reorganize docs (#3608)
brimdata/zed: docs/zq/aggregates/fuse.md

### Aggregate Function

&emsp; **fuse** &mdash; compute a fused type of input values

### Synopsis
```
fuse(any) -> type
```
### Description

The _fuse_ aggregate function applies [type fusion](../language.md#type-fusion)
to its input and returns the fused type.

This aggregation is useful with group-by for data exploration and discovery  
when searching for shaping rules to cluster a large number of varied input

> types to a smaller number of fused types each from a set of inter-related types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
types to a smaller number of fused types each from a set of interrelated types.
```
